# What do people think about OpenAI’s products? Analysis of people’s perceptions and emotions on OpenAI’s products with topic modelling and emotion extraction from Discord chats
This group project comes is part of the Innovation and Marketing Analytics course from Bocconi's MSc in Data Science and Business Analytics ([DSBA](https://www.unibocconi.it/en/programs/master-science/data-science-and-business-analytics)).

## Abstract
This study examines users’ attitudes and perceptions of OpenAI’s products’ performance and capabilities over time. It also identifies potential concerns and fears associated to the latter, as well as areas in which OpenAI is meeting people’s needs and expectations. LDA topic modelling followed by emotion detection with EmoRoBERTa is used to analyse the thoughts of users of OpenAI’s Discord server. A relation emerged between the topics discussed and important events in the AI industry. Furthermore, an important finding is that almost almost 20% of the messages bring forward an issue or limitation of one of the products. In terms of emotion analysis, the study uncovered, among other things, that there was early excitement surrounding the launch of ChatGPT, as users were keen to try and explore the capabilities of the novel technology. However, as time passed, the enthusiasm and admiration declined to be replaced by concerns about labour market disruption and annoyance with the current system’s limitations and flaws, as revealed by a cross- analysis of the topics and emotions detected. In addition to establishing a foundation for future work and deeper analyses on OpenAI and ChatGPT, the study strives to provide insights and recommendations on which the company can act for continued success and development.
